9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong. You're watching the
China Show. I'm Yvonne Man with David
Ingles. Good morning. We're counting
down to the open of markets in greater
China. Let's get to your top stories
today. [music] Asian stocks rising after
this record-breaking rally on Wall
Street. Optimism [music] around a
potential US-Iran peace deal and strong
corporate earnings lifting sentiment.
Washington and Tehran said to consider a
ceasefire [music] extension to allow
more time for negotiations even as a
standoff over the Strait of Hormuz
intensifies. Also ahead, China set to
report GDP numbers as well as activity
numbers [music] coming through with the
conflicts in the Middle East likely
having a limited impact. [music]
>> And battery giant CATL earmarks more
than $4 billion for critical mineral
security amid supply concerns and
geopolitical tensions.
All right, we're back in the studio,
finally [music] it seems. And yeah,
we're finally able to really look at
what markets are doing. And it continues
like it's good news here with just the
prospect that maybe [music] the
ceasefire could be extended between the
US and Iran even though you know, the
Strait of Hormuz still remains the way
that it is here right now. So, uh gives
us time to look at other things again,
right? Earnings certainly is front and
fore- and fore- on the forefront of many
minds.
>> Yeah, so I think we have CATL with a big
beat and of course they've earmarked
quite a bit of
uh
money in terms of ensuring supply chain
security. I think that's number one. Uh
TSMC's going to give us really something
a lot to talk about today. We'll get you
a preview in a moment. That comes out
with earnings today. And certainly with
uh AI continuing to lead uh these
markets higher, that really would be a
good barometer uh of the conversation.
Particularly when you look at CapEx,
right? And just also going into today,
the Chinese consumer will be very much
in focus in two fronts. One, you have
this uh the the release of course of a
whole bunch of activity numbers. You
have home prices coming through in a
half hour and you also have Kweichow
Moutai of course which is very very big
consumer staple stock on the mainland
coming through with earnings as well at
the close today.
>> Yep, that data dump is going to be at
the top of the next hour and certainly
that's going to be front and center as
well whether we do get of course that
GDP print of 4.8%. That's what's
expected here today. Uh, but yeah, we're
watching signs of the consumer. Retail
sales is still talking about low single
digits here right now according to
estimates. So we'll see. And and the
export side of things, I think given the
Iran situation has really confused that
picture for China too. Yeah, you had
that massive bump in imports. You know,
a lot of that might be have to do with
the fact that the value of things that
oil for example um, have been pushing
prices up. So we're going to talk about
that. Obviously this risk rally, how
much we can trust it given that we are
seeing more of it. Volumes are largely
on the lighter side of things today. So
yeah, lots of things to sink our teeth
into today and we have this jam-packed
lineup of guests coming through to help
us understand all these different
facets.
>> Yeah, futures are up about 1/3 of 1% in
China. We talk about what's coming up.
We still have HSBC uh, to deal with here
day three. Global head of markets and
securities Patrick George is joining us
to talk you know, what's what are they
doing with this oil volatility here?
Certainly there's a lot going on uh,
there across their trading desks as
well. And then we're talking a little
more about why not robotics. Lim X
Dynamics the CFO Jesse Liu joins us to
talk about their of course robot. And
yeah, we're going to talk about ETFs
with JP Morgan Asset Management's head
of APAC. Yeah, they've recently launched
uh, a lot of these income strategies in
Taiwan. So we'll see what that looks
like in terms of flows. On the Chinese
economy, Wu Hongwei will be joining us
to help us understand policy signals
coming through from authorities. Uh, all
things private credit, alternatives. How
has that entire universe held up uh,
amidst the last seven or eight weeks?
What the big trends are? How do you
express uh, when it comes to private
markets? and of course we'll be talking
about specifically on commodities,
metals, minor, gold, silver, they have
big plans in copper, and also aluminum
there of course with London listed ACG
Metals will be joining us
in the next hour of the China show.
Yeah, let's talk to our top story right
now. Bloomberg has learned that the US
and Iran are considering a two-week
ceasefire extension to allow for more
time to negotiate a peace deal. And that
comes despite an intensifying standoff
over the Strait of Hormuz.
I saw some reporting, again bad
reporting this morning that we had
formally requested an extension of the
ceasefire. That is not true at this
moment. We remain very much engaged in
these negotiations, in these talks. You
heard from the vice president directly
and the president this week that these
conversations are productive and
ongoing, and that's where we are right
now.
Laura Davison is here with us, our
Bloomberg politics editor. We just heard
there from the press secretary, some bad
reporting. So, what what what exactly do
we know about what's going on here?
>> Uh, we we know that there are talks
about extending this two-week ceasefire,
which would get us, you know, somewhere
in early May. The US doesn't want to be
seen as asking for it though, so that's
sort of the posturing you're seeing
there from from Karine Jean-Pierre. We
also know that there is sort of a
agreement in principle. This is a very
famous and very loose Washington term,
which basically means there's sort of
top lines that they've agreed to.
There's nothing on paper. They're, you
know, there's still all the details to
be filled out. So, I think both of these
signs signal that some of these sort of
pre-negotiations are going well, but
they still haven't really hit the meat
of the substance of, you know, what does
actually, you know, sort of a
comprehensive peace plan look like? What
does opening of the Strait of Hormuz
look like? What does Iran's nuclear
program look like? All of that is still
TBD.
Yeah,
we we talked the things in the Strait of
Hormuz are intensifying. What is
actually going on now? So, it's sort of
intensifying while also de-escalating.
And and and I'll explain. So, we we
have, you know, both the number of ships
passing through has really even trickled
uh to an even, you know smaller number.
Um that's partially to Iran telling
everyone, wait, do not pass. You know,
there's the US blockade kind of once you
you exit the strait. That's in somewhat
from Iran a good a good faith show of
like, hey look, we're trying to you know
acknowledge what you guys are doing
here. Um of course this does put more
pressure on in the global economy and
global energy markets because it means
that absolutely nothing is getting
through. Um so the but in there's also
of course sort of the the um feeling in
Iran on some level that the US is just
buying time for for a future military
attack. There still are US troops and
and and military ships being sent to the
region. Uh you know, they're of course
they're amassing them because of the
blockade, but for whatever other reason
um right outside the Strait of Hormuz.
So there's there's kind of some fear
there as well that this is, you know,
perhaps just a prelude to a future
attack. Yeah, the I want to get to the
China angle because I think the US
president was speaking with I believe
Fox talking about how they there has
been an exchange between President Trump
and President Xi on whether China's
actually looking to supply Iran with
weapons. What do we know? Yes, so Trump
in his interview with Fox Business said
that he had written a letter to Xi who's
and said, you know, hey, I don't want
you to be supplying weapons and that
Trump in his words said that that Xi
replied and say, hey look, we're not
going to be doing that. Uh you know,
this was also kind of couched in if you
know Trump is just basically a month
from today scheduled to be in Beijing
meeting with Xi. Um so he had a lot of
positive words for the Chinese leader.
Um but this is you know sort of a way
that that Trump at least is trying to
publicly position that you know that he
and Xi are are at at least allies if not
allies, you know, partners and on that
sort of the same moving in the same
direction when it comes to Iran. Whether
or not we have not heard from from uh
you know, the Chinese side about whether
this exchange actually happened or
happened the way that Trump said it did.
But this is, you know, kind of what
Trump is trying to project on where Xi
is in this uh this broader conflict.
Laura, thank you. Laura Davison there uh
just touching on the latest on the
multiple consequential fronts here on
the Iran war. Right, uh we are looking
at futures pointing to the upside of
3/10 of 1% [music] on A50 47 points.
It's a fifth straight day in fact we are
seeing green on that [music] contract
this time of the day. 22 minutes away
the opening bell in Shanghai, in
Shenzhen, and [music] here in Hong Kong.
This is the China show. Good morning.
Good morning and welcome back. Uh we're
counting down to the open of markets. A
couple of things, right? So, we have the
we have earnings reaction to talk about.
CATL multi's coming out with earnings
today.
>> [music]
>> Uh data dump, you have GDP, monthly
indicators top of the next hour in about
20 minutes or so. New and used home
prices are being released. Uh on top of
all that, we have somewhat of decent
momentum across risk assets today.
>> Yeah, not to mention we also have the
HSBC Global Investment Summit that's
going on here in Hong Kong today. So,
let's bring our next guest, uh Patrick
George, Global Head of Markets and
Security Services at HSBC. Of course,
he's been here in town uh for this
conference. Patrick, it's great to have
you. Uh what a week it's been for you
guys. Uh when it comes to just the
headline and what we're seeing across
oil markets and the volatility there,
how are you looking at this right now
for the business? Yeah, definitely the
price of oil is very important, but what
we should also look at is the derivative
of oil where we've seen a lot of
disruption. So, it's not just about oil,
it's about jet fuel, about LNG, it's
about it's about fertilizer, even about
helium, which is very important for
semiconductors. And what we have here
real evidence of a disruption in the
supply of those derivatives. A real
disruption which will probably impact
the economy going forward. Should do we
expect energy prices, uh with all those
things considered, to remain the
physical market seems very, very tight.
Should we expect that to remain
elevated? I guess so. At the moment, the
market, if you look at equity market, it
is pricing as if the the conflict ended
or is about to end. Or
>> all a peace process to come here. We're
not there yet. The strait is still very
closed, and there is still a disruption.
So, I would expect still a lot of
pressure on on uh on the energy market
and its derivatives going forward.
Equity markets have just gone
you know, we're we're we're moving past
this whole situation here right now. Do
you think that's the right sort of
pricing that we're seeing here right
now? I mean, it seems like we've moved
on from a lot of things. Yes, look, the
the the equity market itself is
definitely pricing the end of the war.
When you look at the bond market, which
is in my view the real barometer of the
economy, is still pricing uncertainties.
We do have uncertainty about the state
of the economy. Where are we heading
post this crisis? Are we going into uh
inflation? Are we going to a slowdown?
Are we heading towards a recession? If
that uh strait remain closed for another
3 months, are we heading towards
something called stagflation, something
we haven't been dealing with for a
while? There is a lot of uncertainty out
there, and if you listen to some of our
speaker over the past 3 days, all of
them mentioned uncertainty, uncertainty
about the state of the economy going
forward. Should we brush off
the the strategies that do well under
stagflation environments? How does How
does the market look 6 months after,
and hopefully very very soon, the end of
of of the war? Look,
uh there is two way to look at it. The
first thing, if you look at the last 5
years, investor, generally speaking,
have been dealing with a lot of
volatility. You had the COVID Right. the
COVID the global pandemic, you have the
war in Ukraine, you have uh issues in
Europe and in the UK about fiscal
policies, and then we have currently
this this war in the Middle East.
We've done a poll a poll survey with
3,000 of uh 3,000 institution and
corporate around uh around 10 market.
95% of those believe that the new norm
is volatility going forward. Mhm.
That is a new norm. It's a new
parameters that will be part of this
global new equation. So, volatility is
part of that.
Now, what we like is that the investors,
generally speaking, believe and we
believe that the financial sector is
much better suited today than it was in
2008 when it dealt with volatility. It's
much stronger, it's better equipped from
a financial risk management to deal with
that volatility.
So, that's how we see the market going
forward with a lot of volatility, but
the financial sector is well equipped to
deal with that.
Yeah, we've we've seen you mentioned
disruptions. Um I think gold certainly
has been disrupted as a safe haven in
some ways. We we could try to question
why it's behaving the way that it is.
How are you managing the risk around
gold now?
>> Look, gold definitely didn't behave in
the way it should behave as a hedge
against inflation, as a hedge against
uncertainty, and as a hedge again
political instability or geopolitical
event.
There is something also. We headed into
2026 with the market with with with gold
being an overcrowded strategy.
If we go backward a little bit, there is
a fundamental reason why gold has been
rising over the past 3 years to the
level we've seen 4,500, 5,000, 5,500. It
because gold became a strategic assets
in the geopolitical uncertainty we've
been dealing with over the last 5 years.
We have we've seen the evidence of
central bank foreign central banks of
foreign sovereign wealth fund
accumulating gold physically and
shipping it back to their countries and
storing them in their countries. That is
the reason why gold was so over-held,
and that's the reason why gold rose over
the past 3 years. Now, year-to-date has
been overcrowded. Too many people were
long. We needed to take some profit in
the current volatility and uncertainty.
So, it hasn't behaved as a hedge against
inflation or as a hedge against
uncertainties. Yeah, the the positioning
may made the dynamics look very
misleading, I think, when you went when
you went into this. Does does the trend
snap back in terms of just a steady
upside in in gold prices? How do we look
at How What's we look at over maybe? I
don't know. Once this settles Look, I do
believe that that gold has become an
asset to diversify. Okay. It's not just
a hedge against inflation. It's not a
hedge against uncertainty. It is today
part of the asset diversification that
central banks and foreign sovereign
wealth funds want to have in their
portfolio. I do believe that gold could
see an upward trend going forward.
>> Yeah.
How How have your traders performed the
past few weeks? What What strategies
have worked? What happens? Look, uh I
think uh
again we've seen the market has been
quite volatile, but as as we said the
market has priced as if the equity
market has priced as this is over.
Everyone is watching the bond market. I
think as far as our performance is
concerned is like many many bank. We
have a portfolio of businesses.
Uh performance has been subdued. We
definitely see, if you want, given the
uncertainty going forward, you a
reduction of flow from client generally
speaking. They're all waiting to see the
outcome of that war and how we can price
the economy going forward. As I said,
definitely more inflation. What about
the impact on the economy? What's the
impact on growth?
Are we really talking stagflation here?
We will see.
The We just got a headline, Patrick,
that the Taiwanese stock market has now
surpassed the UK and I would I would
imagine that's down perhaps to one or
two stocks. That's down obviously to AI.
It's now I think at What's the What's
the figure, guys? 4.14 trillion in terms
of the market cap. I think this is as of
before the open today. How has AI showed
up in your conversations? The client
facing Again, AI was everywhere in every
conversation in our conference and I can
can see it everywhere. As far as we
concerned, AI will definitely change the
way we operate. Definitely we will make
us much more agile. We definitely
improve our processes. We'll definitely
[clears throat] improve our operational
efficiency and we'll definitely improve
our client experience. So AI is is part
of the business. There is no doubt about
it. But also the efficiency coming from
AI will enable us to invest in other
growth strategy we have. So, I see
definitely in AI as an enabler of
growth, as an enabler of efficiency, and
as an enabler of client experience.
What are clients asking about AI right
now? I mean, there's so many different
themes that are going on about what
what's the one that's going to drive the
tech space here, whether it's the picks
and shovels helium Yeah,
>> [laughter]
>> is it going to be the energy dependency
side of things? Is it going to be
software that continues to get, you
know, you know, hit? I mean, well, how
do you position around Look, the
question on AI today that that we are
hearing is not whether AI is going to be
important or not, is not whether AI is
going to have an impact or not. The real
question investor are asking is it what
are the rate of return on the investment
needed on AI. How long will it take to
get back our investment? I think
previously they were like I
thought that it could come back over 3
years. Now, I think the timeline has
been pushed.
That is where investor are asking the
question, whether it's not whether AI is
going to be important, it's not whether
AI is going to be useful.
It's by when will we get our rate of
return? This is where the question are
are being asked on AI today or on AI
investment generally speaking.
>> Yeah, I I think some people are perhaps
rather impatient and looking for that
quick return on AI. So, we talked about
two major themes. You have energy,
geopolitics, and all of that volatility,
and you have AI. Have we missed
anything? Any any major trend that you
think we should be paying attention to
outside those two?
>> I think how is day two look like after
this crisis and how how you know, this
crisis, this war, how day two looks
like. I think over the past few few
years we've seen definitely geopolitics
leading to new corridor of trade and
finance.
I think following this war in the Middle
East, there will be a consensus
from the large economy in the East and
from the large economy in the West that
there is no way we can be hijacked by a
21-mile straight.
I think this will lead to a new corridor
of investment in infrastructure in the
East and in the West.
Pipeline, storage facility, uh facility,
all this in order to take out the heat,
if you want, and the straight and the
stress from the strain.
I am convinced that there is a day two
that will lead to new corridor of
investment in infrastructure.
Patrick, it's great to have you. Patrick
George there, global head of markets and
security services at HSBC. Just looking
at the pre-market in China here, of
course, as we count down to the home
price data coming out in just about 10
minutes time. The data dump coming at
the top of the hour. And also just this
headline, right? Which is quite
remarkable. The market cap of Taiwan now
has essentially exceeded the likes of
the UK. Just given, of course, this
whole AI trade. Taiwan semi reports
later on today as well. We're seeing the
Taipei Taiex. They're up about half of
1%. [music]
Nikkei as well as Kospi leading the
charge here this morning. This is the
China show.
Right. Welcome back. Uh we're just going
into the open today. So we've we've
talked about the earnings theme. We do
have one trading at what this point
we're looking at one specific trading
debut today. There could be a lot more,
of course, over the course of the next
few days. CATL in the early goings is
already up 4.4 and 1/2%. The fix will
recap that. And of course, we have home
prices.
Uh we'll be the
first one out of the gate in as far as
economic indicators are concerned out in
just
just over 7 minutes. Yeah, the the
earnings was good, right? First quarter
beat when you talk about sales and
earnings that did beat the street. So
certainly that's what's leading that.
But then we did get a lot of news coming
through from the company as well.
Bloomberg has also learned that CATL is
pushing for its removal from a Pentagon
list that threatens its expansion into
the US. Now this comes on the back of
those earnings there reporting a 49%
jump in first quarter profit. From
there, let's bring in our Linda Liu, our
automotive reporter that covers China
for us. She joins us now from Shanghai.
Linda, maybe let's talk about the
earnings and maybe that's why the stock
is heading higher here this morning, but
tell us a bit more and break it down for
us.
Yeah, we've seen CATL earnings beat
analyst estimates. You know, both
revenue and net profit growing by around
50%. And actually, one surprise that
analysts were um
they didn't actually expect to see was
that the demand from EV batteries
continued to hold up.
Growth in EV batteries revenues by grew
by 50% and that is actually
really surprisingly well considering
that EV sales in China, along with the
overall market, has been in a slump
since the beginning of this year due to
subsidies being scaled back. Not to
mention that energy storage
systems demand has also been surging
ahead. So, CATL's earnings shows that it
is really well positioned to really
weather these challenges in demand as
well as geopolitical tensions.
Yeah, you mentioned the geopolitical
tensions. According to our our sources,
there's a bit of lobbying going on. This
the company really trying to take it off
of this Pentagon list. What do we know
so far about those efforts?
Bloomberg reporting show that CATL's
executive Pan Jian made at least two
trips to the US last year. Really hoping
to persuade US officials to consider
removing CATL from this list that they
call like the Chinese military companies
list alleging that
companies that have been designated have
been supplying products to the Chinese
military.
Now, CATL has always denied this
accusation with the founder Robinson
even joking that, you know, batteries
dumb as bricks. So, not only do they
deny supplying to the Chinese military,
they're also saying really batteries is
not a product that's going to threaten
national security.
All right, Linda. Thank you. Linda Liu
there, our China automotive reporter
joining us out of Shanghai. Your
pre-market is up in China and Hong Kong
here this morning. Watching very closely
given the fact that we have course that
CATL story which is likely to kind of
bring up the tech sector there. We're up
about 1.13% when it comes to HS Tech.
Hang Seng is also above that 26,000
level here and we're talking about a 681
print for dollar China as we count down
of course to the key data coming out
here. Some stocks to watch, of course
we're watching very closely. There's a
trading debut here today, Dave. Yes,
massively oversubscribed
and in the in the gray markets was up. I
believe triple digits. You're looking at
of course this live
live pictures coming through out of the
exchange as we mark yet another trading
debut. It's taken somewhat of a backseat
compared to at least the activity we saw
going into the end of last year.
Obviously markets taking a tumble. You
know, case in point the Hang Seng tech
index is still in in a bear market when
you take a you know, I think we're down
still 30% from the peak of last year and
obviously the the war has really taken
out some of the risk appetite in the
market, but it's good to see of course
some activity coming back. We're up 80%
in the early goings here for this
trading debut today. Right, just ahead
to the opening bell plus the release of
poll price numbers,
>> [music]
>> new and used. Lots more ahead. This is
the China show.
>> Welcome back and
>> [music]
>> good morning from the Asia Pacific. 40
seconds to the opening bell, 40 seconds
to the release of home price numbers,
and in about [music] 30 minutes, uh
we're rounding things off in terms of
the economic numbers.
Monthly activity data by virtue quarter
to date. [music] So, everything from Jan
to March. We're coming off, of course,
quite a surprising trade print, and of
course, GDP's also coming out just
[music] in terms of just basing your
future projections on.
>> Yeah, so, you know, we can move away
from the oil discussions and Iran for a
second and really focus on the data and
what we've been seeing here and whether
we do see any sort of reflection of this
kind of spike in oil prices, energy
prices, and how it's really impacting
[music]
the Chinese economy. Uh when it comes to
property price, that's really going to
be quite telling. And we have [music]
seen some rebound in some of the mega
cities like Shanghai. So, is that going
to be leading the charge in the property
market? [music] Uh that's really going
to be one thing to watch as well. Uh but
equity markets are doing okay right now.
We're talking about uh the CSI 300 is up
about a fifth of 1%. We're getting ever
closer to that 4700 psychological level
here right now. Uh CATL, there you go.
The A shares are doing quite well and
really matching what we saw uh with the
H shares in the pre-market here after
what the first quarter beat when it
comes to sales and earnings. When they
talk about ESS, when they talk about the
product mix, uh analysts were quite
optimistic about what we heard as well.
Uh also, when it came to I mean, tech is
still the the flavor uh of the day here
just given what we've been seeing uh
with TSMC and C results coming out later
on today. We just had that headline that
was brought that Taiwan and that equity
market, the market cap is now surpassed
the likes of the UK. So, certainly,
that's one thing to watch. We have the
home price data, Dave. Yes, uh we do.
Let me get started with uh used home
prices down a quarter of a points, uh
-0.24%.
We are coming off a negative point four
three. So let's call it down by just
half
from the previous month on used home
prices. The new home price numbers are
coming through also less bad than the
previous month. So the direction of
travel is still encouraging although
it's going to be very it's going to take
us some time to really turn the ship
around as we look at that. Okay,
apart from this I'm also looking at
other things coming through as well.
Okay, so here's in something interesting
too. The HKMA is announcing details of
the sovereign bond issuance.
Should be the one in Hong Kong. I think
this if this is the same issuance that
was flagged a few days back.
We'll we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll
we'll get you more details once once we
have more information on this but yes
just to also mark that for you guys that
the HKMA has announced the details here
of this China govy sale issuance here I
believe here in in Hong Kong. Okay.
>> Yeah. Let's talk about how Hong Kong
markets are doing here and it's actually
doing quite well thanks to tech right?
HS tech is up close to 2% here. It's
really been led by likes of Tencent
Baidu is up close to 4% Xiaomi is also
doing well but we got to pivot to this.
Let's talk about robots. Why not? We've
been talking a lot about geopolitics.
>> I grew up in Transformers. Yeah.
>> So And you know this is cool. We're
talking about LimX Dynamics. This is one
company building humanoid robots. The
Shenzhen based startup has raised nearly
300 million dollars in funding since
2023 including backing from Chinese
e-commerce giant jd.com. Joining us
exclusively is Jesse Liu the company's
CFO which is also here for the HSBC
Global Investment Summit. I believe you
have a demonstration coming up on stage
>> Yes, we with with the humanoid robot.
He's going to actually have an interview
with someone.
Tell us a bit more about what the what
you see in terms of the real use case of
your robots.
>> Right. We are very optimistic about the
use cases of humanoid robots in 2026
because I think this is a very pivotal
year for humanoid robots to become
more and more autonomous and therefore
more and more useful in the real world.
So
there will be a very big transition from
sort of human controlled robotics to
more autonomous agentic robotics and
that has to do with you know the overall
development of AI technology agentic
technology in general.
So yeah I mean it's it's very
incremental it's very it's not as fast
as some people you know in society may
expect
but very steadily we we we we're getting
there of getting more humanoids into
real real life use cases. Yeah okay so
let's manage those those expectations
and give us examples of what you think
we should be watching out for this year.
Right.
This will be a very big year for POCs
of humanoids non-humanoids like for this
generation of AI powered robotics this
year is very important
because the tech is
the underlying tech is is at the point
where it's not fully mature but we do
see a clear direction of where it's
headed and we do need a lot of real
world data a lot of commercialization
experience for this industry to move
forward both both for techs and for
companies like us.
So I mean if if so if robotics are still
in labs in 2026 I think something is
wrong. So Okay well what are the
bottlenecks in tech? Is it more on the
hardware or on the software side? Just
talk us through the nuance there. I
think for different companies it's
different things. So
this generation of robotics is basically
a triangle of three different factors
hardware being the fundamentals
dynamic controls being
the execution factor of everything
that's AI powered and then the AI itself
perception action planning
reasoning right?
And this triangle is is always
existent in both macro and and and micro
sort of uh factors. So, um for us, we're
we're a hardware um focused company. So,
so this is not a problem for us. Um
the industry in general,
the AI, the perception,
the reasoning, the planning of actions,
that's been the bottleneck. And and
what's underlying uh what what about
that is is data uh
or or I could say a lack of data in this
field. I love watching this video of
what your robots are doing here right
now. Exactly. Some crazy gymnastics. Um
Jesse, tell me talk to me about the
competition because
I mean, I hear there's at least about
800 companies that are developing robots
here right now. How crowded is the
space? Um not crowded enough, I I'd say.
>> Not enough? Yeah, no. Um it's very
important for for for people to keep
coming into this industry because it's a
very new industry. It's never existed
before.
Uh especially not in China. Um and uh
while you see the headlines, you see a
lot of resources, a lot of talent uh
sort of crowding into this market, um
it's still very small compared to what
it should be uh 10 years from now, 20
years from now. The resources allocated
allocated, the talents that are reserved
uh in this industry. So, for example, um
education in AI-powered robotics,
uh
it's it's it's nonexistent until about 6
years ago. Uh you couldn't really get a
good college program or on the graduate
program, a doctorate program in this
generation of robotics. So, you would
have to learn the last generation of
robotics and somehow self self-teach
yourself, you know, uh to to enter this
new generation. So,
uh even from a talent standpoint, we we
we are at, you know, barely, I think,
2%, 3% uh of of what the talent pool
should look like. So,
yeah.
In terms of
Well, who is the market for humanoid
robots now?
I mean,
what what is the market for like who who
who who who do you sell these things to
basically? Is is Sorry, that's that
might sound like a like a like a very
simplistic question but It's a very
legitimate question. Um I mean,
nowadays for us there's a couple of very
legitimate very
sort of pain point focused markets for
humanoid robots. The form factor that
that we do.
The first being sort of research
education.
Um
They do need a lot of very stable
a lot of very reliable
high dexterity high degree of freedom
robots to actually
do secondary development to research.
So so that you can sort of
you know kickstart a lot of the
the research a lot of the the scientific
sort of development behind everything.
Um then this year last year and this
year we we're very quickly moving into
commercial scenarios such as business
services, commercial services, hotels,
shopping malls, and stuff like that. So
it's sort of our strategy to eventually
move and and both on the tech standpoint
and on the product standpoint to move
gradually towards the household
scenario. Right? So when that's going to
happen I don't have a timeline 10 years
5 years really at the pace who knows
yeah at the pace you know
of the
look I it's very dangerous to
extrapolate too much.
>> And it depends on the price, right? I'm
just what what do you make of the
pricing of these humanoid robots? Now I
think your competitor Unitree came out
with the industry's cheapest humanoid
robot last year which was about 5,000.
Do you see others following suit? Can
LimX follow suit? Um should we follow
suit? I think it's the problem.
We we can but um
Well why not why not? Why not? Okay.
Where are the hardware capability
because the price is the hardware is
priced, right? The AI can't really be
accurately priced because it's evolving
all the time it's improving all the
time. Yeah so
where Unitree
is priced at it's based on their
hardware capabilities, which is um
in all you know, in all fairness it's
it's top of the rank, right? Um but
what's going to be important going
forward is going to be the algorithm,
it's going to be it's going to be the
agentic system, it's going to be the
operating system, it's going to be the
AI, right? The perception. And which so
we have this ideology of
uh
seeing the robot as a physical agent. So
we have the sort of orchestrating
agents on top and we have this sort of
system that we call system one
of a bunch of skills and tools
uh involving, you know, VLA models,
involving non-VLA models, which enables
the robot to actually do things, right?
Perform acts. So
as those stack up, you can imagine this
is an iPhone with an increasing number
of apps and an increasing number of
developers developing app on this
platform. So obviously when you have,
you know,
only 10 apps available on this phone,
it's not going to be a very valuable
piece of hardware. When you have,
you know, millions of developers
surrounding this piece of hardware
developing new applications,
opening up new possibilities, this is
going to be a very very valuable piece
of hardware.
>> In what way do you think the industry
trends in terms of
vertical integration? It It seems that
the the uniqueness and the unique
selling point more sends to the AI and
not so much
the hardware. I could be mistaken, I
don't know how to extrapolate that, but
do you see
hardware makers needing their own models
in the future as as something that sets
them apart? It's quite dangerous for
hardware makers to not focus on AI.
Okay. [clears throat] Um because
uh
robotics today is what we call a sort of
the most complicated form of AI embedded
hardware, right? So to not understand AI
is basically saying you not you don't
understand the hardware.
>> need your own AI as a point. You have to
own and develop your own AI as as maker.
>> um, should we
monopolize everything? So, should we uh
have an end-to-end pipeline of
everything and close off our ecosystem?
I think our question our answer to that
question is no, clearly.
Um, we do see this this as you know,
something comparable to the iOS iPhone
sort of ecosystem.
>> Where you you you're going to have
you're going to at some point you're
you're going to
that we are not not Mhm. Uh we'll we'll
we'll this will be a a very vibrant
ecosystem of developers, of new
technology innovations, and only we're
only a a very important node in that
whole ecosystem. Jesse, thank you. That
was great. Thank you, Tom. Jesse Jesse
Liu, the CFO of Li Auto Dynamics, of
course here for the HSBC conference, and
I think they are presenting uh later
today uh at at in a couple of hours.
Okay, uh CATL, uh just to mark that too,
we're up uh 9% after the Q uh Q1 beats,
and of course they're also sitting on
quite a bit of money in terms of
security. We'll have more on that story
in a moment. Also coming up Yeah, JP
Morgan's head of APAC ETFs will be with
us to discuss their latest offering as
Taiwan
>> [music]
>> overtakes the UK in stock market value.
They also got some new products and
things [music] going on there in Taiwan.
That's next. This is Bloomberg.
Right, welcome back. Uh you're watching
the China show. Okay, a couple of things
to note. So, TSMC is coming up with
earnings today, and quite a milestone
given that uh so, as of the close
yesterday at the data that just came
through came through in the last hour,
Taiwan is now bigger than the UK in
terms of market cap. And this AI boom
has really lifted the market cap uh off
the markets. I think we've we've gone up
from about a trillion in 2020 and we've
now crossed the 4.1 trillion mark
as of the close. Let's call it early
this week. Yeah, it's a good time to to
launch an ETF there, right? I think
[laughter] so.
>> Let's talk to the people behind that,
right? JP Morgan Asset Management has
launched an actively managed derivative
income ETF which invests in Taiwanese
equities. It's head of APAC ETF Digital
and Direct, Felipe Elespuru joins us.
Now, it's great to have you back in the
region, Felipe. Obviously, at a time
when Taiwan is is so much buzz around
this this market and the like given the
AI trade. Tell us a little more about
the active ETF space cuz it only really
started in Taiwan in a year. The growth
has been quite remarkable. Great to be
back. So, yes, the Taiwan active ETF
only started a year and a half ago at
the end of December 2024. It's great to
see now there's almost 9 billion dollars
in active ETFs in Taiwan. That's almost
3 and a half percent of the total Taiwan
listed products. Contrast that with
Japan. Active ETFs were approved 3 years
ago and there's only 0.1% of the ETFs in
Japan that are in the active space. So,
we're very happy that we are present in
the Taiwan space and we listed just our
second active ETF, Ling Ling Shuling EA,
last Friday.
That particular product raised about 80
million dollars in the IPO. When it
listed, it was the eighth most liquid
ETF out of the 310 ETFs in Taiwan and
I'm happy to mention that it's up now
10% in terms of value. It's trading at
10% compared to the inception price last
Friday. Yeah, just a reference for our
viewers, Ling Ling Ling Ling Shuling EA
Shuling Shuling EA is is the ticker.
[laughter]
After So, why why income? Yeah.
>> In a market where they're used to
much more returns than income because of
this AI boom.
>> Well, this this actual product doesn't
just have income. It has still 75% of
the upside of the equity market. Okay.
it is investing in Taiwanese equities
and that's the reason why it's up 10%
but it's also selling some derivatives.
That's why it's called derivative
income. The premium from those
derivatives is basically what gives you
the income. So, you get the dividend
yield plus the option premium. That's
what it happens. So, in this particular
product you're still keeping a lot of
the upside of the market while getting a
regular income.
>> Part of the cake and having it, too.
Yeah. Part of that cake though, I mean,
a large chunk of it I'm going to keep
using this this cake pun.
Uh is TSMC and the weighting that it has
on on Taiwan. I think it's more than
60%.
How Just to give us a little bit more of
the weighting that you're you're seeing
at TSMC in your fund and and how are you
managing that? I think that this is a
diversified portfolio on the equity
side. It's managed actively by a
portfolio managers based locally over
there
and it is using this derivative piece of
it. So, these covered call strategies
are not new. They existed They now have
5 years in existence and globally it's
about $200 billion of covered call
strategies. They're very very popular
especially right now. The higher the
volatility in the market, the higher the
uncertainty, the better these products
do. And JP Morgan has about maybe 45% of
the world's covered call strategies,
these derivative income strategies. So,
we delivered it in Taiwan with this
local listing but for example, a month
ago in Thailand in collaboration with
Yuanta, we listed three depository
receipts. One of them is this covered
call strategy. Last year here in Hong
Kong, we partnered with Hang Seng. We
[clears throat] launched a feeder fund
that was linked to a covered call
strategy and last year as well, we were
the first to register in Singapore three
covered call strategies for public
distribution. So, these covered call
strategies I think are especially
relevant in the current market
environment but you know, we will be
launching many more products in Taiwan.
It's one of the most interesting and
developing markets in the region. Have
we gotten to a point on covered calls
where we people understand what they
are?
Because I can imagine this is a big
retail market and I'm not sure how how
up the learning curve folks are on
covered calls.
>> Yes. So, you are giving up some of the
upside when you sell this option and
instead of that you're getting some
regular income. So, yes, one of the
biggest things that we spend a lot of
time on, I spend a lot of time on, and
the team is on investor education,
explaining the benefits but also the
risks of these products. It's not a free
lunch. You are still giving up some of
the upside in this case,
this particular product about 25% of the
upside is being up but you're getting a
regular income. So, it depends on your
preference. If you still want to be 100%
exposed to the let's say technology
markets, you can buy Ling Ling Jo Ba Jo
A, that's our US tech ETF that we listed
last year. Or if you want to get a mix
of income plus growth, you can buy the
covered call strategy.
Um
given Taiwan, I mean in terms of AUM, I
think that's the third in it's the third
in the APAC region here right now. In
terms of your growth plans,
what what are you looking at here right
now and in terms of product launches as
well for the rest of the year? I mean
Taiwan is a fascinating market. It was
25 billion eight years ago. Now it's 260
billion. It's the as you mentioned
Yvonne, it's the third largest market in
the region. And what's also very unique
about Taiwan is you have two people out
of three, two adults out of three that
invest in ETFs. So, contrast that with
Japan, it's maybe one out of 50. So, in
Taiwan, there are 13 and a half million
accounts out of a total population adult
population of about 20 million. So,
that's two people out of three investing
in ETFs. But it's not just an individual
investor market. 40% of the market is
owned by institutional clients, but
that's all on the fixed income side. So,
the equity piece is all individual
investors or most of it individual
investors, but the
actually the institutional side is more
on the fixed income side of things. So,
but Taiwan is a very big market
[clears throat] and growing. So,
[snorts] we listed our second product.
We will be listing another 10 products
in the next year and a half. You have to
have a range of products to be relevant.
We have 13 products listed in China, 14
listed in Australia, and globally we
focus on active ETFs. That's our key
focus area. So, 10 more products coming
in the next year and a half in Taiwan.
Hopefully, yes. Okay. It takes time to
launch products in Taiwan. Right. Uh the
time to market maybe is a longer than in
the rest of the region.
>> is that strategy in terms of that do you
have to space them? Is that a regulatory
is it time in the time in the oven? It's
the time for the regulatory approval of
these products. It is a little bit
longer and it's different in depending
on the markets. But, yes, uh the end
goal is to have a range of products to
be relevant for the clients so they can
choose between different flavors. So,
maybe you can have different covered
call strategies, different growth
strategies, some fixed income products.
So, you have to have a range of products
in every market. You mentioned you've
been quite active in China as well. What
what were the plans for for China this
year, too?
>> obviously we have already 13 products in
China with roughly $5 billion of assets
under management. We continue to work
locally with all the regulators and the
exchanges and all the industry players
to try to bring active ETFs to the
market and this is where we focus
globally. So, JP Morgan has 75% of all
of our assets under management in active
ETFs. So, we're really specializing in
this space and that's what makes us
unique. In addition to that, we focus on
investor education. These are the two
big focus areas for me and my team is
kind of providing investors with the
best solutions on the active side as
well as providing the investor education
with our guide to ETF, with many
different seminars, trainings, with this
kind of event and things like that. All
right. Philippe it's great to have you.
Philippe El Asmar there, head of APAC
ETF digital and direct at JP Morgan
Asset Management. Of course, if you want
to know more about ETFs, tune in to our
special segment ETF IQ Asia. Got to do a
shout out there, right? Every Friday on
the China show we bring you analysis and
conversations with top market players
>> [music]
>> and newsmakers. This is Bloomberg.
>> We got some eco data coming through here
in just about 7 minutes time. Everything
from of course activity data for March
and of course the first quarter GDP
numbers where we actually are expecting
a bit of a rebound
of 4.8% when it comes to growth in the
first quarter. Retail sales it could be
looking a little bit softer than the
prior months as well. Industrial
production we're still thinking about a
5% print so certainly we're watching
very closely after we did get those new
home price data, old home price data.
The narrowing at least when it comes to
the declines in prices at least. It's
closer and closer to zero
and that's a good thing because we are
coming off
of course the negative prints there. And
as far as that's concerned,
it it really will help answer some
questions in terms of how much stimulus
this this economy perhaps needs.
Additional stimulus on the back of
obviously the disruptions coming through
out of the
war in in the Middle East and on top of
that too does do policy makers have to
signal slightly something slightly more
as far as support or or the lack of it
or the you know not not needing it at
all. Lots more conversations coming up
in fact on that very note. You have
Professor Wu Hongwei joining us in a
couple of minutes to talk us through the
Chinese economy. All things alternatives
with Goldman Sachs [music] global head
of alternatives for wealth and we're
talking all things commodities and
metals with Arden Boylanet coming
through out of ACG metals [music] in the
next hour of the China show.
>> Welcome back to watching the China show.
We're just a few moments away from, of
course, the release [music] of China's
activity data for March. First quarter
GDP numbers are on tap as well. And this
is coming at a time when we are seeing
[music] the CSI 300. Hey, we're back to
4714,
Dave.
Uh I think we continue this way, we are
going to be able to actually erase all
those losses [music]
Since the war started. since the war
started. So, certainly, uh the equity
backdrop is still looking okay here
today [music] across the region. In
fact, you take a look at how Taiwan is
looking at Korea, Japan still looking
pretty strong here, of course, as we
count [music] down. Uh to According to
our sources, that the US and Iran are at
least looking at ways [music] to extend
that ceasefire for at least two more
weeks. So, buy them some time to deal
with uh negotiations and the like. So,
there you go. Uh we're watching, of
course, the data. There you go. Just
crossing through here. Uh first quarter
GDP, I'll start with that. So, growing
5% year-on-year. This is better than
expected, uh as well as seeing there a
bit of a rebound to what we saw in the
previous quarter. Uh Dave, you you maybe
you could look at maybe some of the the
March data here. Retail sales, that was
probably the sore spot. Uh 1.7% rise. Uh
the estimate was for 2.4% print. So,
that's quite a sizable miss there. Yes.
Um we're looking going So, we're going
through industrial production now
year-on-year. Uh the estimates were for
5.3. We got a 5.7%
print. So, that's So, that one actually
coming in above expectations. Retail
sales, to Yvonne's point, that's quite a
big miss, actually. Let me just get a
sense of scale. Uh we were looking for
2.4. The range of forecasts were just
give me a second here as I browse
through my screens. Uh also coming
through here, we have things. Uh So,
this is important. The residential
property sales year-to-date through
March -18%. That's year-on-year.
Property investment year-to-date -11.2%.
Not as bad as expectations here. The
jobless rate actually picked up to 5.4%
and I'm just going to run a graph just
to see uh because this actually has been
in the low fives in recent months and at
5.4% is the highest
jobless rate matches the highest jobless
rate going back to 20
uh 23. We'll get more context of course
coming through this I'm just looking at
this live briefing that is just
beginning just starting in Beijing. So,
we'll bring you any further lines coming
through once we get more context coming
through from uh from the NBS uh on
everything that's come through. But,
takeaway is apart from retail sales most
things were actually okay with the GDP
print coming in with a five handle 5%.
>> Yeah, five handle. That's really quite
interesting as well. Uh that briefing is
just underway. We'll bring you the
latest once you get some more lines
there. Joining us now is Houwei Wu,
assistant professor of economics at the
China Europe International Business
School. Uh Professor, it's great to have
you here in town. Um obviously this is
just a a little glimpse of what we're
seeing in March, but overall your take
on these numbers so far. So, I think
whenever we look at the headline GDP
numbers, the number itself matters less,
right? So, it's on target. It's a little
bit better than expectations, but it's
not thing surprising. So, as you guys
are mentioning, right? The most
important thing is about the composition
of where that growth comes from, right?
So, the key things to watch are how the
private sector is performing. So, one of
the things is consumption. The other is
to look at private investment, right?
So, these are the things that really
show whether confidence is stabilizing,
whether internal circulation can work on
its own, right? To to have its own
domestic demand coming.
So, how do things feel on the ground?
That you're you're you're based in
Shanghai. I'm not sure that Shanghai is
the best barometer of the entire
economy, but I guess it also gives us a
glimpse into the differences between
first-tier cities and the different
parts of the of the economy. Well, so I
think for Shanghai it's relatively okay.
Of course, you can feel that there's
this huge inequality as well, even in
first-tier economies, right? So, you
have sectors that are performing very
well, right? Depending on which part of
the city you're in and what sectors
you're in. But, overall, the average
sentiment is okay. But, if you go
outside of Shanghai or outside of
Beijing, Shenzhen, Guangzhou, right?
It's very different, right? So,
third-tier, fourth-tier cities, you have
a very different feel, right? So, then I
think China's performing in this way
more or less like other developed
countries, right? On the average, it can
mask the inequality that's showing up.
The The key question is whether exports
can continue to drive growth, right?
Because obviously you have tailwinds,
right? You have AI.
I'm just wondering when it comes to what
we saw even just the last set of trade
data, was that imports all of a sudden
have spiked up because of the impact
from whether it's materials or whatever
that they're importing. So, from this
Iran war, I mean, overall, do you think
exports can stay the pillar of growth
for China? So, I think people were
questioning this since the start of all
the tariff frictions, right? And China
has actually performed quite well around
this, right? So, the export data has
been one of the highlights for China's
growth in the past few quarters, right?
So, the the thing is that it is so
uncertain. So, I think that is why we
see such a high priority of rebalancing
towards the domestic market, right? So,
if the external market is good, it's a
plus, but it's not something that they
can rely on as what they did in the old
days, right? So, in the past, you know,
external demand was the go-to saver for
for everything, right? But, these days,
it's a good to have, right?
And also, one of the things that they
they leaned on in previous times was the
ability to just spend from a government
perspective, build the debt, and then
spend it. That somewhat takes care of
activity. With the current debt burdens
that you have across the
There we go.
What Where do they need to focus on? So,
when they look at the 15th 5-year plan,
for example, is there anything there
that I can glean in terms of Outside of
tech, because they talk about tech a
lot, that they that you think we should
pay pay attention to? So, I think for
the debt, the biggest issue is local
governments can no longer help that
much, right? So, their main role these
days is to stabilize their property
market, right? So, if you look at how
they've been spending for for their
local government debts bonds, it's
mostly on how to stabilize all the real
estate market. So, a lot of the leverage
is now being placed on the central
government, right? So, they're issuing
more ultra long special government
bonds, right? So, they're trying to
rebalance who is spending more. So, you
see central government trying to take up
more leverage. Local government, the
issue is how to kind of de-escalate the
debt burden, right? So, they're doing
some debt swap schemes, buying time,
right? So, a lot of times policy is just
buying time. But, the issue is how to
stabilize confidence, right? Then, you
will have stable growth, and then debt
compared to your GDP size will will be
more sufferable, right? So, so that's
the the grand scheme, I guess.
You mentioned, you know, that growth is
at 5%, you have oil price shocks that,
you know, could lead to inflation
expectations to pick up. We certainly
saw that in the inflation data recently,
but
it seems to be limiting the the the
policy room for the PBOC to actually do
any sort of stimulus. In terms of
stimulus prospects, what are you
expecting this year?
I think monetary policy in China has
always been more of a supportive role,
right? It's not never the leading
demand-side policy. So, if you remember
in 2024 September, there was a whole
basket of policies from PBOC. But, even
with that, people were still waiting to
see how much stimulus would come from
fiscal, right? So, monetary policy, I
think the terminology that they are
using is continuing from 2025, right?
So, it's a very supportive environment,
but I don't think anything major will be
done differently from monetary policy
side. So, it's more about what fiscal
can do. But, if you look at fiscal, it's
very similar from 2025 as well. So, I
feel like they are holding back on how
much they want to do state-led stimulus
for the Chinese economy.
Which may not be a bad thing, right?
Because then you might have more room
for private firms, right? To to act and
lead the economy. That's the point
though, the private sector needs to step
up. Where do you think the private
sector is at the moment? So, it's a
again a very uneven landscape, right?
So, if you talk to people in high-tech
manufacturing, right? The the new three,
right? These are sectors that get a lot
of tax benefits, right? A lot of support
when they want to have have access to
funds, right? So, these will be leading
and you will see that in investment data
or in industrial production data, right?
So, these are the ones that are the
highlights where real estate is going
down, right? But, then you also need to
be more widespread as well. think the
state is also very aware of this that
they don't want to have a rush and have
overcapacity in these very, you know,
star industries again like what we had
in the past. Yeah, I mean, there is that
concern of overcapacity. How serious is
that now in China?
Well, so the thing is if you can't
export some of it out, right? If there
are still countries that are willing to
and they need it, right? So, then the
overcapacity issue will be less, you
know, critical, right? Because you have
the global market at your hands. But,
the thing is if you don't have that and
the domestic demand's not picking up, so
that's why overcapacity is a big thing,
right? You cannot all squeeze into one.
Otherwise, you're not producing the
stuff that the consumer market needs,
right? So, that's why this is so
important to to have the private firms
decide what they want to produce, what
they want to innovate. How much of this
drop, when I say this drop longer-term
trend lower in consumption, is down to
demographics. I'm just curious whether
anyone's taken a look at that and what
and I and how technology and they keep
talking about the importance of
innovation and tech and AI and they're
leading in many, many areas. How much of
that is able to offset this demographic
issue?
>> is that important for China's
consumption because if you look at it
there there's actually
Chinese people are actually wealthy,
right? It's just whether they want to
bring dollars out there their pockets,
right? So, China has very high savings
rate. China's disposable income is low,
right? These two things are the two
important factors in determining how
much you want to consume, right? So,
even when China was relatively young,
right? Not aging society yet, you don't
see consumption share picking up, right?
So, it's not really about demographics
for say. It's about whether people are
secured about the environment, whether
they want to lower their savings rate,
and whether there's enough resources in
their pocket for them to spend, right?
So,
China's disposable income as your GDP
per capita is quite low, right? So, that
that's tells a lot.
Okay, Professor, thank you so much. It
was very nice to see you. Let's do this
again soon, Professor Wu He-Wei, the
assistant professor at CEIBS there.
>> [laughter]
>> Okay,
lots more coming up here on the show.
Goldman Sachs head of alternatives for
wealth joins us to talk us through, of
course, [music] private credit and
everything in between. That's been a hot
topic of in recent weeks. Plus, our
exclusive interview coming up with the
head [music] of London listed copper and
precious metals producer ACG Metals. All
that on your screens [music] coming
through in the next few minutes here on
The China Show.
It's all credit. So, all things being
equal, if the economy is growing, credit
does fine. It does fine. When there's a
recession,
credit [snorts] struggles.
And then the question is then,
>> [music]
>> which of the borrowers were really doing
the work around what's in underlying
[music] portfolios, how quickly was the
capital put to work? And I think what
we're going to see is we're going to see
dispersion
of returns
>> [music]
>> among great asset managers.
I think the narrative on private credit
has got a little bit out of hand, but
actually we haven't seen a slowdown in
demand from institutional clients.
I think what we have got is a
misunderstanding in some places about
the wrappers that people have got
private credit in, right? By definition,
private credit is paying an illiquidity
premium. So when we've seen funds escape
recently, that's them doing exactly what
they were designed to do, to protect all
investors.
Morgan Stanley CEO Ted Pick and
Schroders CEO Richard Elmslie are
speaking with us about the private
credit space, and certainly that was a
very key topic at HSBC, of course, this
whole week. Yeah, given just the the
news flow that's come through,
um that's really married itself against
the trend from recent years in this
increasing popularity in the asset
class. So how do we need to be looking
at the popularity and some of the
headlines that have come through and the
nuance there and the opportunities
maybe, and the risks, right? It's it's
illiquid for a reason, and there's
certainly why you pay that premium
as far [laughter] as that's concerned.
Uh joining us here on set, uh Goldman
Sachs, the global head of alternatives
for wealth, Kristen O'Connor. Very nice
to see you, and good morning.
>> Thanks for having me. So how has that
conversation showed up in in in your
world recently? Yeah, look, I think a
couple of things to step back. So one,
at Goldman Sachs, we've been investing
in private credit for 30 years. So, you
know, we have 12 years investing in
private credit even before the global
financial crisis. And, you know, I think
I agree in with the two CEOs in their
comments that, you know, I think a lot
of conversation here is institutions are
continuing to deploy in private credit.
What you've had is obviously some noise
around the retail flows, but you know,
what's important is we've been very
focused on education, right? This is new
asset class for a lot of individual
investors, and education's been
paramount. Um and I think one word we
haven't used in describing these
wrappers is semi-liquid. We do not want
to use that word because we don't want
to touch the word liquid anywhere to
these wrappers, right? So we've been
using the term evergreen. So I think one
of the long-term benefits of what's
happened this quarter is you're just
going to have very rapid education for a
lot of individuals about these
structures and about the fact that they
are in fact not liquid and that those
gates and the 5% quarterly gates are
there for a reason. So I think secularly
you're going to continue to see the
asset class grow. You're going to
continue to see individuals allocate to
private credit because they are going to
want to take advantage of that
illiquidity premium. I think right now
we're just going through an education
moment that will be long-term good for
individuals allocating to private
credit.
How do you think we got here though in
the first place? Was it just the fact
that we opened this whole space up to
retail? That was probably where red
flags emerged. How do you think we got
to this point?
>> Well, look, I I think it was imperative
that we start to open the aperture of
private assets to individual investors,
right? We just think about their ability
to capitalize on the alpha in private
markets. You know, I think this was a
necessary thing and a necessary
evolution. Um I think one was, you know,
how do we educate cuz it is new for
these investors. Um and then I think
kind of what tipped off the moment was
obviously concerns around headlines on
software and AI and what that was going
to do to software. Um and frankly some
idiosyncratic credit situations, right?
That frankly in many cases weren't in
these
evergreen credit vehicles, right? And so
I think what you had was a little bit of
misinformation, right? That sort of led
to some concerns and then people sort of
testing that, you know, redemption
window, right? Um but I think we're
going to get through this and I think
that, you know, to the point that was
made, institutions are continuing to
allocate here. Smart money that's
looking under the hood is saying, "Hey,
right now actually might be even more
interesting as we see spreads widen, we
see terms tighten, right?" So, it could
be actually quite interesting
environment. So, institutions are
obviously looking in that. And I think
as individuals get more educated, you
know, they're going to continue to
allocate to the private credit space and
to private markets, you know, in
general. What's the advice specifically
to Asian-based investors who are looking
opportunities that they stay close to
home? Is there
some Is Is there a value in hedging by
looking outside the region? How does
that work in your world? Yeah, look I
look I'm goes back to first principles,
which is diversification, right? I think
when you're looking at building out an
alternative investments portfolio, you
want to think about all the different
vectors of diversification within that
portfolio. So, I think a couple things
that we've noticed if you thought about
ultra-high-net-worth individuals and
wealthy clients, I'd say alternatives
maybe were something that they were
investing in a bit ad hoc or here and
there on ancillary basis. I think fast
forward to today, it's really a core
part of their portfolio, right? They
want private assets in their portfolio
so they can tap into all the different
sources of return that come from private
markets. But when they do that,
diversification is going to be key,
right? So, diversification by strategy.
So, when you look under that alternative
investments bucket, that's private
equity, venture, growth, buyout, you
know, it's private credit, it's real
assets, right? And you're seeing seeing
interest in infrastructure,
um, and then it's other areas like
secondaries, right? So, there's a whole
array of strategies that clients should
have diversification to within that
private investments part of their
portfolio. And then under that hood,
they should have diversification by the
managers they invest with, they should
have diversification by region, right?
So, not just staying close to home, but
tapping into kind of global GDP by
investing kind of outside of their home
markets as well.
You mentioned it should be a core part
of investor portfolios. What what role
do you think it serves now? I mean, is
there a percentage that you think that,
you know, investors should have on their
portfolios when it comes to
alternatives?
>> Yeah, so for our Goldman wealth
business, we really focus on
ultra-high-net-worth clients and family
offices, and we advocate for almost 25%
of a moderate risk client's portfolio be
in alternative investments. Why so high?
Um because we look at it, if you can
bear the illiquidity, which obviously
the ultra-high-net-worth clients can, we
do think that there's real alpha to be
generated in that private markets part
of your portfolio. So we like that
risk-adjusted return if you can weather
the illiquidity, right? And so, you
know, for a moderate risk client,
quarter of their portfolio we would
recommend be in alternatives. The the
recent events, I'm just going to bring
up the war as an example, is and
obviously we don't have a lot of data
points, a lot of transactions because
it's it's not as liquid as publicly
traded securities, right? But how
throughout episodes like the last 7
weeks, you go back maybe during Ukraine,
the pandemic, the GFC, how has the asset
class held up through
through those very extreme investing
conditions? Yeah, look, I mean, think
one of the very important parts about
this asset class is you need to be
long-term minded, right? And so, you
know, one of the things we harp on is,
you stay the course, right? And one of
the hidden benefits of alternatives is
going to force you to stay the course
even through dislocations in the market,
geopolitical situations, um and frankly,
I think the private markets part of your
portfolio, the alternatives part of your
portfolio, is potentially best
positioned to take advantage of
dislocations that happen in the world,
right? When you think about, okay,
markets dislocate, you can take
advantage of the public markets, but
there's also a lot of private market
opportunities that come as a result of
these dislocations. And so, over long
periods of time, we've seen our clients
actually achieve several hundred basis
points of alpha through a diversified
alternatives portfolio, you know, over
long periods of time.
How do I
use the AI theme in alternatives, right?
I mean, is it just buying a data center?
Is it, you know, as an investor I mean I
>> a data center.
>> AI AI adjacent, what are the
opportunities there?
>> Yeah, so look, I think there's a couple
different things. Obviously, I think
clients globally, including in Asia, are
are relatively risk-on in particular
because they want to capitalize on the
incredible transformation that's
happening with AI. So, how do they play
that? One is investing in venture and
growth, right? Which is going to try to
play really more of the AI native types
of of of companies, right? So, I think
that's one that vector in which they're
tapping into AI. The infrastructure
layer that you're referencing, right?
So, buy kind of the power start source,
buy the data centers, right? That's kind
of playing out in the infrastructure
side of private markets.
Um
and then you think about just the
broader ecosystem of private equity. And
you you know, one of the things we talk
a lot about right now in private equity
is how do you drive value creation,
right? In these private companies that
private equity funds are buying. And one
big part of that now is how is AI going
to be implemented in traditional private
businesses, right? So, that AI theme
isn't just specific to tech and AI. It's
specific to traditional businesses where
AI can come in and really transform kind
of the future path of those private
businesses.
All right.
Gives us a lot to think about really
here. Kristen, thank [laughter] you.
Kristen Olson, Something to reflect on.
of alternatives for wealth at Goldman
Sachs. Uh still ahead, we're talking
metals and the like here. The head of
ACG Metals joins us exclusively to talk
all things precious metals, aluminum and
the like as tension in the Middle East
overshadow some of the other themes
there such as consumer demand.
>> [music]
>> We got plenty more to come. This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Well, it is uh an end of an era. Well,
emerging markets investing pioneer Mark
Mobius has died at the age of 89. As you
of course you know, a partner of Mobius
Investments
and what we've been hearing in the last
24 hours that he did pass away in
Singapore. Mobius spent over 30 years
with Franklin Templeton champion
opportunities in Africa, Asia, Eastern
Europe and Latin America and he founded
Mobius Capital Partners back in 2018 and
continued to really seek out investing
opportunities in recent years including
setting up a new venture in Dubai. And
David, you know, you and I have have had
our encounters with Mark Mobius. He's
always joining us from some part of the
world obscure part of the world. Given
how much he travels,
just to really look into these companies
and really doing the due diligence and I
think that was one of the essence of
really what we got every time we spoke
with him about you got to do your
homework and you got to travel and
really one of the first to really kind
of perma bulls to really look at Asia
with a really positive lens.
>> Yeah,
a consistent bull across EM markets. In
fact, we want to play this interview out
a bit of it when he retired from
Franklin Templeton and as he made his
way at 81 into that new venture and
really some lessons
he's left us with. Let's let's let's
let's play it out guys, please if you
can. I'm not retiring. I'm still going
to continue to invest anyway, but what I
would do is what I'm doing is first of
all, keep about 20% in cash because the
markets are high. You may want to take
advantage of a downturn and then put
about half of the rest in
emerging markets
generally, you know, globally and the
other half in commodity oriented
companies. And your advice, one line of
advice for a new up and coming fund
manager looking to the EM space, what
would it be?
Get out and research. Talk to people. Do
as much research as you can on the
streets. You know, just don't sit in
front of a screen. The Bloomberg screen
is terrific. You get great leads, but
then you got to get out and follow up on
what the Bloomberg is giving you so that
you can get some real and understanding
of what people are doing and how they're
living.
Yeah, that was 8 years ago. He was very
gracious with his time and his bright
colored suits. It didn't matter what the
time difference was. He was always
gracious to
to join us on shows whether it was from
South Africa, from Dubai, from London,
from Singapore, from here. And yeah,
he's like EM guru. Frontier of the
frontier. Frontier of the frontier. He
pivoted towards He talked about how
Africa, of course, was a big opportunity
as well.
>> And really took And really during the
Asian financial crisis saw the
opportunities.
Really and and looking for those
bargains. But yeah,
obviously a legend.
We'll leave it there. This is WinBier.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. We're just going into the Japanese
lunch break. Uh just under a minute
away. Uh the state of markets very good.
Uh risk assets, as you can see, are bid
given this the news flow that's come
through around the war in Iran. And
effectively, we have more time.
Now, how close the two sides are to
being able to consummate a deal is an
open question still, but I think there's
more time
to hash those things out and markets are
using this window of opportunity to
focus on other things including might
what might have been
cheap valuations. 2 1/2%
to the upside on Japan. Rest of the
region doing like this, 1% to the
upside. We had uh some data coming
through out of mainland China. Property
prices better than the previous month.
The direction of travel is closer to
zero, which is a good thing because
we're coming from deeply negative on the
month-on-month prints there. GDP came in
above expectations, 5%. Retail sales
missed, industrial production beat.
And the the jobless rate actually picked
up to 5.4% I believe there is still an
ongoing briefing in Beijing. So, once we
have more information and consequential
headlines coming through in context, we
will bring them uh, to you. In the
meantime, though, let's have a look at
one thing we're tracking today and
perhaps more importantly as it pertains
to the AI story, TSMC
coming out with earnings. It's set to
report net income looking at forecasts
here expected to uh, to move up by half,
50%.
Let's bring in Charlotte Yang, our Asia
equities reporter, to tell us a little
bit of a preview of what to expect here
coming out of the company. Yeah, so uh,
for TSMC consensus estimates looking at
50% growth for the net income after the
company's already reported 35% increase
for the first quarter results. And I
think more importantly what people are
watching is what the company will say
about the overall AI demand especially
after uh, some disappointment with
ASML's uh, guidance for the current
quarter. And also what TSMC sees what
any impact from the fallout of the
Middle East crisis whether that's on
logistics or from energy supplies prices
as well as demand when it comes to those
AI data centers as well as gadgets like
iPhones. And if you think about it like
the this is essentially one of the most
important catalysts for this comeback of
the AI trade. And in Taiwan we're seeing
TSMC hitting fresh highs this week. A
lot of investors already coming in to
buying the shares. And if I'm sell side
you're already having hearing from
Morgan Stanley that's expecting the
company uh, they see a chance of the
company raising uh, their guidance for
this year uh, to meet to 30%
year-over-year sales growth from close
to 30% year-over-year sales growth. So,
a lot of optimism already going heavy.
Yeah, and you know, this is a favorite
it's an understatement that this is a
favorite among retail investors. How do
retail investors need to be looking at
this stock, not the company, the stock
right now? Yeah, so it's some really
interesting data we have come we got we
we got it from the March during the
March sell-off. You know, it's not a
news that retail investors love this
stock. But what we're seeing is that
what we're seeing Taiwan called
investors which they hold less than a
thousand shares of TSMC. They've
searched to a record of two million
this month and that's up 30% from the
end of February. And also you also have
over I think
200,000 of retail investors in Taiwan
that's making regular purchases into
TSMC's as well as ETF like the one
Taiwan that's the biggest in Taiwan that
has over 60% of holding ETF MC. They are
seeing nearly a million retail investors
making regular purchases. So I think and
also what's interesting is because you
know during the the geopolitics
uncertainties a lot of times you will
see institutional investors cutting
positions to to do risk controls. These
are retail flows is taking more
important role as sort of providing a
cushion impact. You know while they do
not have the pricing power to determine
it where TSMC shares go, it's more of a
protection from the downside. There we
go. Charlotte, fantastic. Thank you so
much. Charlotte Yang there our Asia
equities reporter with a preview of
really
really one of the world's most
consequential companies and stocks just
given how big it is and obviously the
it's it's how central it is to the the
global supply chain. Right. Just on that
note, right? So one of the milestones
because I think we could safely say
because of TSMC is
the the Taiwanese stock market has
actually now surpassed the UK in terms
of market cap.
So we've gone from about a trillion
market cap on the market to now four
times bigger, 4.1 trillion as of the
last close and you add what we're
getting today perhaps up that. Now just
to give you a sense of really how big
TSMC is relative to the Taiwanese
market, right? So in terms of the
benchmark waiting, it's at 44.71%
that's as of the last read. In terms of
market cap itself of TSMC, so we're 4.1
on the market in Taiwan
TSMC based on my data I'm looking at
right now,
is about 1.7 trillion. So, there we go.
Just the heft within a now heftier
market that is Taiwan above the UK.
Right.
Let's stick with the earnings theme. Big
one, of course, coming out. We're
getting, in fact, some reactions [music]
as well there. CATL, it's the world's
biggest EV battery maker, wants to
expand its footprint in critical
minerals. CATL has approved this
creation of this new unit with a
registered capital [music] of 4.4
billion dollars that will focus on
things like mineral resource
exploration, processing of metals, and
the sales of chemical products.
Meanwhile,
Bloomberg has learned that CATL has been
campaigning for its removal from a
Pentagon [music] list of companies tied
to China's military.
Now, Bank of America shares overnight
closing higher reporting commodities
[music] trading revenues surging 60% in
the first quarter. That was fueled by
wild swings in oil and precious metals,
especially specifically, rather, gold.
Another major contributor to the trading
windfall was the international business,
which jumped [music] 23% on year.
Now, Morgan Stanley also closed in the
green overnight. The stock when its
stock rate is raking in, get [music]
this, a record 5.15
billion dollars. That's for the first
quarter. Now, it's closely [music]
watched wealth business also pulled in
11 118.4
billion in new net assets, beating the
street. The bank's [music] trading
results got a boost from a capital rule
that regulators relaxed
last year. Right. We just mentioned
commodities. We'll have more, in fact,
on this. Everything [music] from gold
and metals. Joining us here in a couple
of minutes exclusively as head of ACG
Metals to talk us through [music] all
things precious metals.
How that story looks like, we'll find
out in a couple of minutes. This is the
China show.
>> We headed into 2026 with the market with
with with gold being an overcrowded
strategy.
If we go backward a little bit, there is
a fundamental reason why gold has been
rising over the past 3 years to the
level we've seen 4,500 5,000 [music]
5,500. It's because gold became a
strategic assets in the geopolitical
[music] uncertainty we've been dealing
with over the last 5 years.
That was Patrick George just there. He
joined us about an hour back here on
shows. He's the global head of markets
and security services
at HSBC. We you know, we talked about
gold. We discussed really to the extent
gold is not acted as a
very recently at least not act as a
haven, but of course he's also
contextualized that the fact that you've
had massive buying from central banks in
not just the months the years going into
the war. So it did look like a crowded
trade. You had some liquidity needs and
gold was really one of the sources of
that liquidity. He does think though
after
we get through the war that gold resumes
its uptrend. On your screens of course
you have the likes of copper half of 1%.
Aluminum by the way has been an absolute
tear of late. The London pricing on your
screens about a quarter of 1%. Why do we
talk to a producer of all these things
on your screens. Joining us here onset
ACG Metals London listed just posting
full year
reported net loss here 43 million
dollars. It's founding chairman CEO
Artem Volynets is with us exclusively.
Very nice to see you in town. Good
morning.
So, we'll talk about the company in a
moment. I just want to get your thoughts
on a lot of people want to know what's
going to happen. Let's start with gold.
So,
you have
you have a mine mine in Turkey.
Help us understand what you've been
doing in as far as output is concerned
and where you think prices perhaps What
are your assumptions in prices?
Uh we always use consensus prices, which
is below current market price. But uh if
I talk about gold price and going
forward,
uh as long as President Trump is in the
White House, we do expect uh volatility.
Volatility is good for gold. And the
recent geopolitical events certainly
means that more central bank buying will
continue shifting the reserves away from
the dollar into the gold. So, we do
expect to continue to see the high
prices, which is good for us. Cost of
production around $1,000 per oz.
Uh and we continue to produce gold and
moving to production into copper. Mhm.
Silver was actually a very big topic
before gold again took over, but you
know, just your sense of the silver
market and whether or not the market was
looking at the asset of silver in the
right way. I think it was late last year
when it went from 60 to north of 100. Uh
silver, there are two key trends. Number
one, uh silver actually, unlike gold,
has real industrial applications,
including in defense sector. So, there's
a real demand uh for the silver. Um
about 40% of global demand is industrial
application. Two, it does tend to follow
gold. And if the ratio between gold
price and the silver price
uh uh
deviates from the historics, you will
see the silver catching up. So, I do
expect silver prices to continue to
perform strongly. Any plans around
output on both those things before we
move on to the investment
>> and silver for us is a byproduct. Our
main product is copper, but we'll
continue to produce about 12 15,000 oz
of gold from the current mine in Turkey
but we're looking to buy other gold
copper mines so that will increase. That
is a blessing for that to only be a
byproduct. Uh let's talk about your
copper plans because you have big plans
in the sector. A lot of people know you
of course in the aluminum market but uh
talk us through what the plans are. ICG
is set up as a vehicle to consolidate
the club copper sector worldwide. We
acquired our first mine in Turkey 18
months ago, raised couple hundred
million dollars to invest in it and
we're looking to about eight to 10
acquisition opportunities globally but
focusing on a Tethyan copper belt which
is Turkey, Eastern Europe extending into
Central Asia as well. Uh so we do expect
to be a relatively good size producer in
three to five years, two to 300,000 tons
of copper. Why copper?
Uh unlike many other commodities, it is
not uh controlled by any one government.
Uh
uh
Indonesian government controls nickel
price and DRC government controls cobalt
price and I would argue that Chinese
government control aluminum price. In
copper you have a real demand which is
goes across a number of sectors from
traditional such as construction and
defense which is a big demand nowadays
uh to the new sectors,
uh artificial intelligence, data
centers, robotics. So if one sector
fails, there will still be consumption
of copper and yet on a supply side, uh
the industry is constrained. No new
discoveries, the grades of the existing
mines are declining. So everything is
poised to see the copper prices going
higher. I would not be surprised if in a
couple years it will be $15,000 per ton,
maybe 18,000 in you know five years but
at the same time I don't think it will
go into the stratospheric highs because
at some point there will be substitution
from aluminum alloys and there is no
constraint on aluminum supply unlike in
copper. When you say at some point the
alloys will be replaced why is it in
some point? Talk to us about that. How
does that dynamic work?
>> um the dynamic is
uh when the ratio between aluminum
prices and the copper prices goes above
five six times
>> Okay. uh then you're likely to see the
substitution.
>> issue to price?
>> Uh just to clarify when you say you know
the copper is a metal that is obviously
needed in this world for many
application. It's not controlled. When
you say controlled because you have
swing producers like Indonesia, China
for aluminum
>> Indonesia in nickel not in copper.
>> Yeah yeah sorry Indonesia's nickel for
example. So when you say controlled that
means you simply have a lot of
production concentrated in one
jurisdiction.
Um China for example that's take
aluminum made a strategic decision to
limit the cap on aluminum production at
45 million ton. Takes one decision to
increase that cap it will have a
disproportionate effect on global
aluminum pricing. There is no of course
if one copper producer goes out of
business it will have an effect but you
cannot easily ramp up a production like
Indonesia can do with nickel.
What are your plans around the capacity?
You have big plans in copper as you
lined up. Can you just take us through
do you have a timeline in mind and some
milestones in terms of capacity
that you're that you're targeting? So
this year is a transformation year for
ACG Metals. We're moving from production
of gold gold and silver doré into
production of copper. They are starting
our flotation plant in the middle of the
year
to produce 20 to 22,000 tons of copper
equivalent this year and then we move to
40,000 tons as we ramp up production
from so-called enriched ore.
So but this year is a critical year with
a number of milestones which should have
an effect on our share price. Well have
you have you raised the money for that
or how are you how are you doing project
financing?
>> have more cash than we need. We have
$150 million on cash. We have remaining
capex maybe 50 60 million dollars
and we are continue to generate
significant cash flows from the
continuous gold sales. Yeah, because
last year I think you did some changes
to your capital structure. I think you
raised some equity financing, some debt
as well. Any big plans to fund raise?
But I know you mentioned your
your free cash flow on operating basis
is good, but just in terms of just big
fund raising, no plans in immediate
future?
>> not going to raise the money just just
to raise the money. Money is a
commodity, right?
What we looking to do is to acquire good
assets and good companies and if the
transaction is good, if the deal is
good, it funds itself. Okay, aluminum.
Plans there? I don't I'm no longer in
aluminum for the last 13 years. Okay,
you're stepping away completely from
that.
>> But I obviously follow the market.
Unlike copper, which there is real
supply and demand dynamics, in the
aluminum, as I mentioned already, one
decision by the government in Beijing
can swing the prices widely because you
have a lot of idle capacity in China
and and that is not a free market in the
sense. I need to ask you that you're
familiar with just also the broadly the
shipping element of this and because of
what's happening in the in the in the
Strait of Hormuz, are we What what are
you observing in as far as disruptions
to supplies are concerned across the
world?
>> Certainly, especially we mentioned to
aluminum, it takes a long time to
restart an aluminum smelter if it has
been put on care and maintenance. So, in
a short term, I do expect the aluminum
prices to perform well, but longer term,
it expected to come under pressure
because as I mentioned, there really no
limitation of supply. So, we'll see
short term
effect from the Strait of Hormuz on
aluminum prices, on prices and
availability of sulfuric acid. We are
blessed in Turkey because Turkey is a
next exporter of that and we don't
consume much.
The just look at your stock price. You
mentioned that as well. We've obviously
seen a rally as I'm sure you know.
You've been looking at the stock price
itself.
Net income net loss for last year. Do
you expect to turn into a profit
>> Net loss the last year is a pure paper
accounting. Our EBITDA last year is $76
million.
Making a lot of cash flows. We produced
last year 39,000
oz of gold equivalent at the cost of
1200 dollars per oz. Average price last
year was 32,000
dollars per oz. You can you know make
most. Yeah, so focus more above this
upwards of that of that income
statement. Don't look at that income.
Just very quickly the top line targets
for this in terms of revenue compared to
last year.
We were planning to produce 20,022,000
tons of copper equivalent at the average
cost let's say 5 and 1/2 thousand
dollars per ton.
The price is today 12 and 1/2 13,000. Is
that a good assumption to have on price
this year? Yeah, I actually don't expect
the copper prices to perform
very widely into the positive this year
because there is a lot of supply. There
is a lot of copper in warehouses
and as the war ends
we all hope there will be pressure on
copper pricing. By the end of the year
I'd expect to see 13,000 back where we
are roughly trading today. But as I said
2 years from now it's more likely to be
15,000. Going back to ACG, you know, I I
would not expect us to given the margins
7 8,000 dollars per ton
of capacity that translates it you know
140 160 million dollar EBITDA.
There we go. Thank you so much by the
way for stopping by while you're in
town.
Let us know next time you're here. We
can continue the conversation there.
Uh guys, thank you so much.
That was the founder, chairman, and CEO
of ACG Metals listed, of course, in
London. Shares were up overnight uh 3%.
Okay, um lots more ahead here. Uh in
fact, coming up on the China show, in
case you want to rewatch that interview
we just did with Artem there or others
that you might have missed, the our new
video [music] hub on the Bloomberg
terminal on the Bloomberg online,
rather. Uh subscribers can explore live
streaming. You have news, you have
interviews, [music] just like that that
one we just did, plus other segments. We
had, of course, the release of some
economic numbers coming through out of
China this hour, so we have lots of
content for you guys to sink your teeth
into. We'll have more, in fact, on
[music]
the this briefing on the economic
numbers out of China. That's coming up
next. This is the China show.
Welcome back. Uh just an update coming
through out of this, as you see on your
screens, this briefing that's [music]
taking place in Beijing on the just the
very recently fresh out of the oven uh
economic numbers out from China. Uh in
case you missed it, growth coming in 5%,
better than estimates. Retail sales,
quite a bit of a miss there, 1.7
relative to 2.4%.
Uh back on the upside, industrial
production for March, 5.7%
uh better than 5.3 was the estimate. The
jobless rate picking up to about 5.
5.4%. A couple of things to note uh as
we have been in this briefing for about,
I would say, about 40 40 minutes from
now. A couple of things, uncertainties,
of course, given everything that's going
on. They are, of course, just now taking
questions uh from uh from the media
there. Uh in terms of uh
the ability of the economy to cushion
the impact of what's happening outside.
They've struck a fairly optimistic tone
that China has the conditions to cope
with the impact from what's going on
outside.
You do have of course an acknowledgement
of the uncertainties around the global
oil market where yes, we are back down
30% let's call it from the very peak,
but we are still up about 30% from
before the war started. So that is of
course something to
to consider there. Apart from that
nothing else has so far come out of
that.
Yeah, so we will leave it there for now.
Just also mention separately the home
price numbers have actually also come
out in in the last 90 minutes or so also
showing a fairly encouraging direction
of travel. A very quickly let's have a
look at where we are in the benchmarks
itself. CSI 300 one more line coming
through here out of the NBS that oil
price changes have a limited impact on
China CPI. I think what where we have
seen that show up so far
and I'll throw this forward so far is
really in the form of that import number
I believe that we got a few days back
which did see a bit of a spike which
then goes into the future iteration of
that and where economists expect that to
show up even further which is along PPI
prices which in case you missed that
actually turned positive for the first
time
in nearly 4 years very very recently. So
just keep an eye on that space in terms
of the wholesale price inflation and
that relationship with the global
commodity complex. Right, from the macro
to the micro in terms of earning CATL
came out with earnings and also some
plans around
what it's setting aside there. Shares
are
okay. Page two forward a page back half
a step 9%
to the upside. Baidu's up about 6.4 and
of course the other iterations there 5.6
and New Oriental Education up 5% among
the big movers to the upside and as far
as the Hong Kong markets go. Okay, very
quickly let's touch on very quickly the
jobs numbers coming through out of Oz
and by the way just also mention the
Aussie dollar is also broken out of its
recent range. There we go. Really a
a very good gauge of risk appetite out
there and it's also a commodity
currency, right? A quarter 1% which is
by the way that's a move you don't
normally see in a major currency at the
Aussie dollar. We are lower though on
the benchmark itself but yeah just to
mention 18,000 jobs month and month
missing by about 2,000 but they should
also note that that that is a economic
number and an economic indicator that is
extremely difficult extremely difficult
to to to estimate. Anyway, I'll leave
you with a look at this. We are about 2%
away from erasing all the losses in the
Asia Pacific [music] since the war
began. We'll see you all tomorrow.